Song Yuchun, you are so brave
How dare you destroy the corpse
Director Du, what are you talking about?
I don't understand at all
It must be you
Su Yuchen, you devil
You have lost your conscience
My dad was so nice to you
He has been working hard to cultivate you into a front-line camp
Is this how you repay him?
Ah!
I married his daughter
Career rewarding
I'm telling you, you're suing me for murder and arson
meticulously sue you for slander
You are ruthless Tang Yao
Speaking is about being correct
Don't worry, it will be resolved in the future. Do you mean to say
It's a coincidence to be here in the middle of the night
What's the problem?
Ah, I come to see used cars.
Can't you allow me to buy a used car?
Thanks to Miss Tang
I'm out of money now.
No money, I'll let you die
We'll see.
I want him dead.
Okay, okay, if you say you die, we will be ruthless.
Then give him a full refund of 150 million first
Ah, no money, no money, no money
Don't be kidding.
Hey, hey, okay.
Sure enough, why did you call me?
I got into this muddy water because of your face
I will ask Chen Sheng to call you for this money.
Okay.
No, what did I say?
What are you doing for this woman?
Million
I feel sorry for you if you don't even bring it back.
You are Lu Xuan
What kind of woman are you useless?
Use your mouth to go down